README.md, before:

# Halia

Halia是一个基于组件化的网络应用框架，用于快速开发可维护的高性能协议服务器和客户端。

## Links
+ [文档地址](https://halia-group.github.io/halia/)

## Features

+ 组件化
+ 可扩展
+ 高性能

## 数据流

```
-------------------------------------------
        -> handler1 -> ... handlerN -> 
head                                    tail    
        <- handler1 <- ... handlerN <-       
--------------------------------------------
```

## 内置解码器

+ DebugEncoder/DebugDecoder: 将流经数据打印在标准错误输出，方便调试
+ FixedLengthFrameDecoder: 定长报文解码器
+ LengthFieldBasedFrameDecoder: 基于长度字段的变长报文解码器
+ LineBasedFrameDecoder: 基于换行符的报文解码器

## 内置协议编解码器

+ Http协议

## 示例

+ [Echo](examples/echo)，回显服务器，基于LineBasedFrameDecoder实现
+ [Time](examples/time)，时间服务器，基于FixedLengthFrameDecoder实现，报文固定为8字节长度时间戳
+ [Chat](https://github.com/halia-group/halia-chat)，聊天服务器，基于LengthFieldBasedFrameDecoder实现，低耦合/高扩展性，扩展数据包只需要注册到`PacketFactory`和`ProcessorFactory`即可。

Commit message:

docs: add license && add english document

README.md, after:

# Halia

Halia is a component-based network application framework for rapid development of maintainable high-performance servers
and clients.

Reference netty to implementation. [Netty](https://netty.io/)

[中文文档](README-CN.md)

## Links

+ [Document](https://halia-group.github.io/halia/)

## Features

+ Component-Based
+ Extensible
+ High-Performance

## Data Stream

```
-------------------------------------------
        -> handler1 -> ... handlerN -> 
head                                    tail    
        <- handler1 <- ... handlerN <-       
--------------------------------------------
```

## Built-in Decoder

+ DebugEncoder/DebugDecoder: Print the data to stderr for easy debugging.
+ FixedLengthFrameDecoder
+ LengthFieldBasedFrameDecoder
+ LineBasedFrameDecoder

## Built-in Protocol Decoder

+ HTTP Protocol

## Examples

+ [Echo Application](examples/echo)，Implementation based on `LineBasedFrameDecoder`
+ [Time Application](examples/time)，Implementation based on `FixedLengthFrameDecoder`, The packet is fixed to an 8-byte
  length timestamp
+ [Chat Application](https://github.com/halia-group/halia-chat)
  Implementation based on `LengthFieldBasedFrameDecoder`, low coupling/high scalability, To add custom package 
  only needs to be registered in PacketFactory and ProcessorFactory.
